Q. With the data that you have, what kind of data visualisation graph should be used?
(Scatter plots, Bar charts and Histograms, Line plots, Pie charts, etc.)

A. The type visualisation graph used completely depends on what information is available,
and what is of concern. In our case, we are measuring temperature and humidity, with a
concern on when these readings are outside specified ranges. The options on how do display
this are endless: Scatter plots of all readings, Bar charts of min/max readings, histograms
to demonstrate distribution of readings, Line plots to show changes of readings throughout a 
day, Pie charts to show percentages within certain ranges, etc.

We have made a decision to use a bar graph, displaying min and max readings for the past week,
along with a hexbin plot showing the correlation between temperature and humidity over a day.

Q. What should be represented in the above graph? Why did you make that decision?

A. The decision on what to display was made due to a number of factors. We had to consider
how much data will be displayed, and how easy will this data be to ingest. We considered
what was the most important concern? And what information can better help us tweak our
configuration to be useful. We also had the hardware we are using as a consideration,
due to the limited processing power of our pi's.

The graphs we have decided to use combined are a perfect tool to help us further tweak our
configuration to alert during circumstance that actually warrant alerts!

Q. Python supports numerous data visualisation libraries. Which two libraries did you
narrow it down to?

A. We have decided to use the following two libraries:

    1. Matplotlib
    2. Seaborn

Q. Provide an analytical comparison of the libraries used, advantages/disadvantages,
simplicity/complexity, flexibility/configurations, anything you may think is necessary.

A. 

    1. Matplotlib is quite extensive in functionality, at a cost of complexity. It is 
    capable of anything and everything graph related, but will require some training.

    Advantages:
     - Extremely customizable
     - Extensive list of graphs

    Disadvantages:
     - Complex to use

    2. Seaborn focuses on ease-of-use. It provides a quick way to graph what you want
    with themes and presets available. It is capable of creating a large number of graphs
    and provides pre-made data sets to help when testing.

    Advantages:
     - Ease of use
     - Testing made easy with data sets

    Disadvantages:
     - Simplicity can make customization harder